docs: clarify map key quoting and formatting rules (#35808)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/expressions/type-constraints.mdx

  compatibility with older configurations; for new code, we recommend using
  the full form.

  Maps can be made with braces ({}) and colons (:) or equals signs (=): 
  { "foo": "bar", "bar": "baz" } OR { foo = "bar", bar = "baz" }. 
  Quotes may be omitted on keys, except in certain situations where they 

>   are necessary, such as when a key starts with a number, contains spaces, 

Author: Is it expected for the diff to render this as clickable?​

>   Maps can be made with braces ({}) and colons (:) or equals signs (=): 
>   { "foo": "bar", "bar": "baz" } OR { foo = "bar", bar = "baz" }. 
>   Quotes may be omitted on keys, except in certain situations where they 
>   are necessary, such as when a key starts with a number, contains spaces, 
>   or has special characters. In these cases, quotes are required. 
>   Additionally, for single-line maps, commas are required between 
>   key/value pairs, while in multi-line maps, a newline between 
>   key/value pairs is sufficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can use the following characters to define maps: 
      - `{}` 
      - `:` 
      - `=` 
  For example, `{ "foo": "bar", "bar": "baz" }` and  `{ foo = "bar", bar = "baz" }` define the same map. 
  You must place map keys in quotation marks when a key starts with a number, contains spaces, or contains special characters. Otherwise, you can omit them.
  You must place commas between keys-value pairs in single-line maps. 
  You can place key-value pairs in multi-line maps on new lines.
```
Recast in active voice to make the information clearer.
